document GHC 51179 (#154)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-51179/index.md

---
 title: Missing LambdaCase
 summary:  Missing LambdaCase language extension
 severity: error
 introduced: 9.6.1
 extension: LambdaCase
 ---

> [Lambda Case extension](https://ghc.gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/doc/users_guide/exts/lambda_case.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Lambda Case extension](https://ghc.gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/doc/users_guide/exts/lambda_case.html)
```

Author: ok

Author: rephrased to:
"The [Lambda Case extension](https://ghc.gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/doc/users_guide/exts/lambda_case.html)
 enables a syntactic sugar for a lambda function that pattern matches its argument immediately."

> is a syntactic sugar for a lambda function which only operation is a pattern matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enables a syntactic sugar for a lambda function that pattern matches its argument immediately.
```

> is a syntactic sugar for a lambda function which only operation is a pattern matching.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is syntactic sugar for a lambda function which only operation is a pattern match.
```

Grammar nitpick.

Author: rephrased to:
"The [Lambda Case extension](https://ghc.gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/doc/users_guide/exts/lambda_case.html)
 enables a syntactic sugar for a lambda function that pattern matches its argument immediately."

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Using `LambdaCase`,
```
````

\case {"1" -> 1, "2" -> 2}
```

> in lambda case notation is equivalent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is equivalent to
```

```

> \x -> case x of {"1" -> 1, "2" -> 2}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\x -> case x of {"1" -> 1; "2" -> 2}
```

```

> When the extension is missing, the expression is interpreted as a regular lambda expression, which is incorrectly formatted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the extension is missing, the expression is interpreted as a regular lambda expression that is incorrectly formatted.
```
